this is really what I need I've known
David since Monty Python days when he
was one of the bosses of BBC television
now though he likes to play a sort of
quiz game on unsuspecting visitors yes
you know three it's extremely heavy I
would have thought it was an egg of some
time and I can't imagine any animal yes
yes there's an egg inside some citizen a
creature no dinosaur egg full mark but I
can't help feeling it's all just a
playful way of hiding a very serious
obsession do you get books of every yes
place you go through I mean your shelves
are stop to see there almost every book
on pap your ever written in English is
that yeah that's important to you don't
ask me if I've read them all though no
no if you hear that was one you haven't
got you make sure you get it yes do you
know a man possessed by his enthusiasm
is this the key to David's unique
success in television do you know what
that is I've been feeling it's
enormously significant anything else in
this room is probably if I touch it well
it's very heavy oh I'm not sure early
design for a portable television
we all know the settlement authors
wallet gist producer David Attenborough
David did you have any ambition to
become an actor like Dicky no never I
was quite happy to lead us to him of
course he was stayed stuck from he was
that high and he was always putting up
shows of one sort in another and wanting
castes and who better to recruit than
his younger brother there he went on to
drama school and I went on to take a
science degree and I think they're both
equally surprised to find ourselves in
the same medium with television no
action using their long simple icons so
how did David become such a
world-renowned broadcaster are there any
clues in his upbringing I don't think
I'm my childhood was particularly
different from anybody from many other
childhoods of boys I mean I think
children are excited by what they see
and by finding out about the world about
them I mean everybody's interested in
tadpoles and why they tend to frogs
which is extraordinary and marvelous and
wonderful everybody thrills to see a
butterfly climb out of a Christmas you
know family used to go on holiday in
North Wales on anglesey and I used to go
on a farm and dress up as a farmer ham
and Dave would disappear
you couldn't find Dave anyway he was on
the beach on Penman point on Pillman
Island fascinated by the puffins or
whatever but mostly collecting quartz
rocks fossils anything that created an
atmosphere of the wild and the outside
you